I know
I know it's hard for you to accept
I'm just giving you a suggestion.
Think about it.
Also ginger spicy and crazy
Explain everything at the law enforcement bureau
He did it at the behest of Yang Tong
I don't know who the host behind this Yang Tong is yet.
I suspect it's Liu Gongtao
How dare he?
What's missing?
This person will stay sooner or later
Oh, I see.
Don't worry, I'll serve him.
Parents hey coach
Your action is wrong.
Come, I'll teach you.
OK
What about this action of the monitor?
Do you want to start the center of gravity from rolling back?
Transfer from this nail to
This nail and then what?
Like a blood-sucking method
Hey
Stop practicing
Mom
What's the matter, this trick is Coach Liu's specialty
You practice by yourself first
Wang Tao, come with me.
From tomorrow.
You're not going to the Bogie Hall
Sister, why do you never say that?
Don't you know what you've done yourself?
Let's go for scum's sake
Leave the Boki Pavilion